README.md, before:

<!--suppress HtmlDeprecatedAttribute -->
<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0b081080-f36d-4729-af06-f5217e3b096a" alt="GitHub Banner showcasing a professional profile" width="100%">
</div>


 <h1 align="center"><img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/hvRJCLFzcasrR4ia7z/giphy.gif" width="35">&nbsp;Hi, This is Benjamin-cup.&nbsp;<img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/hvRJCLFzcasrR4ia7z/giphy.gif" width="35"></h1>

<div>
  <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/754f7f48-57b4-4b8f-9054-b21ef7803698" width="300px" align="right" alt="A professional animation coder gif"/>
</div>

### <div><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Animated-Fluent-Emojis/master/Emojis/Travel%20and%20places/Rocket.png" width="30px" align="center" alt="Rocket Emoji"/> Coding like it’s 2050, but debugging like it’s 1999.</div> 


<ul>
  <!-- <li>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Animated-Fluent-Emojis/master/Emojis/Travel%20and%20places/Globe%20Showing%20Europe-Africa.png" alt="Globe Showing Europe" width="25px" align="center" /> Based in <strong>Canada</strong>
  </li> -->
  <!-- <li>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Animated-Fluent-Emojis/master/Emojis/Objects/Desktop%20Computer.png" alt="Desktop Computer Emoji" width="25px" align="center" /> Explore My Work: <a href="https://portfolio-007-rosy.vercel.app/" target="_blank"><strong>Portfolio</strong></a>
  </li> -->
  <li>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Animated-Fluent-Emojis/master/Emojis/Objects/E-Mail.png" alt="Email Emoji" width="25px" align="center" /> Contact me @: <a href="benjamin.bigdev@gmail.com"><strong>Benjamin's gmail</strong></a>
  </li>
  <li>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Animated-Fluent-Emojis/master/Emojis/Activities/1st%20Place%20Medal.png" alt="Rocket Emoji" width="25px" align="center" /> Currently building <strong>Blockchain smart contracts and web3 applications</strong>
  </li>
  <li>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Animated-Fluent-Emojis/master/Emojis/Hand%20gestures/Brain.png" alt="Brain Emoji" width="25px" align="center" /> Making <strong>Solana trading bots</strong> to create smarter user experiences
  </li>
  <li>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Animated-Fluent-Emojis/master/Emojis/Travel%20and%20places/High%20Voltage.png" alt="Lightning Emoji" width="25px" align="center" /> Always diving into <strong>new tech</strong> to stay ahead
  </li>
</ul>



<div align="center">
  <picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/platane/platane/output/github-contribution-grid-snake-dark.svg">
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/platane/platane/output/github-contribution-grid-snake.svg">
    <img alt="github contribution grid snake animation" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/platane/platane/output/github-contribution-grid-snake.svg">
  </picture>
</div>

<br/>  

These projects are running on the node-backend for utilizing the token trading like pumpfun and raydium That's my main skill to work with token trading field in Solana.

I even also duplicated the pumpfun's working method as new replica contract

I also worked with smart contract and web3 projects like p2e games Pump.fun forking SC, Presale SC, DCA SC, SOL locker SC, Pnft staking SC, Telegram mini app and so on... If you need help from Solana projects, please look for me since I am specialized in these kind of projects.

You can contact me through telegram [@SOLBenjaminCup](https://t.me/SOLBenjaminCup) or [ErikSOL](https://t.me/erikerik116) There, we can discuss on more comfortable contact way with you.

<br/>  



<div align="center">
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</div>



<p align="center">
  <a href="mailto:benjamin.bigdev@gmail.com" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><img src="https://img.icons8.com/fluency/2x/gmail-new.png"  width="50" /></a>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://t.me/@SOLBenjaminCup" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/2x/telegram-app.png"  width="50" /></a>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://discordapp.com/users/1305610537790476382" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><img src="https://img.icons8.com/3d-fluency/94/discord-logo.png"  width="50" /></a>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;
</p>

<div align="center">
 ----------------------------------------------***********----------------------------------------------
</div>

<h2 align="center"> Thanks for visiting my profile. </h2>
</br>
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=gradient&height=65&section=footer"/>
</p>

Commit message:

Revise README for improved clarity and professionalism
Updated the README to reflect a more professional summary of skills and experience in blockchain and smart contract development.

README.md, after:

<!--suppress HtmlDeprecatedAttribute -->
<div align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/0b081080-f36d-4729-af06-f5217e3b096a" alt="GitHub Banner showcasing a professional profile" width="100%">
</div>


 <h1 align="center"><img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/hvRJCLFzcasrR4ia7z/giphy.gif" width="35">&nbsp;Hi, This is Benjamin-cup.&nbsp;<img src="https://media.giphy.com/media/hvRJCLFzcasrR4ia7z/giphy.gif" width="35"></h1>

<div>
  <img src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/754f7f48-57b4-4b8f-9054-b21ef7803698" width="300px" align="right" alt="A professional animation coder gif"/>
</div>

### <div><img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Animated-Fluent-Emojis/master/Emojis/Travel%20and%20places/Rocket.png" width="30px" align="center" alt="Rocket Emoji"/> Coding like it’s 2050, but debugging like it’s 1999.</div> 


<ul>
  <!-- <li>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Animated-Fluent-Emojis/master/Emojis/Travel%20and%20places/Globe%20Showing%20Europe-Africa.png" alt="Globe Showing Europe" width="25px" align="center" /> Based in <strong>Canada</strong>
  </li> -->
  <!-- <li>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Animated-Fluent-Emojis/master/Emojis/Objects/Desktop%20Computer.png" alt="Desktop Computer Emoji" width="25px" align="center" /> Explore My Work: <a href="https://portfolio-007-rosy.vercel.app/" target="_blank"><strong>Portfolio</strong></a>
  </li> -->
  <li>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Animated-Fluent-Emojis/master/Emojis/Objects/E-Mail.png" alt="Email Emoji" width="25px" align="center" /> Contact me @: <a href="benjamin.bigdev@gmail.com"><strong>Benjamin's gmail</strong></a>
  </li>
  <li>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Animated-Fluent-Emojis/master/Emojis/Activities/1st%20Place%20Medal.png" alt="Rocket Emoji" width="25px" align="center" /> Currently building <strong>Blockchain smart contracts and web3 applications</strong>
  </li>
  <li>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Animated-Fluent-Emojis/master/Emojis/Hand%20gestures/Brain.png" alt="Brain Emoji" width="25px" align="center" /> Making <strong>Solana trading bots</strong> to create smarter user experiences
  </li>
  <li>
    <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Tarikul-Islam-Anik/Animated-Fluent-Emojis/master/Emojis/Travel%20and%20places/High%20Voltage.png" alt="Lightning Emoji" width="25px" align="center" /> Always diving into <strong>new tech</strong> to stay ahead
  </li>
</ul>



<div align="center">
  <picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/platane/platane/output/github-contribution-grid-snake-dark.svg">
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/platane/platane/output/github-contribution-grid-snake.svg">
    <img alt="github contribution grid snake animation" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/platane/platane/output/github-contribution-grid-snake.svg">
  </picture>
</div>

<br/>  

Blockchain-Focused Full-Stack Engineer with deep experience designing and scaling high-throughput TypeScript APIs and cross-chain architectures. Proven track record of delivering end-to-end blockchain solutions, including NFT marketplaces, DeFi protocols, and autonomous AI-driven trading systems with 24/7 operational reliability and high-performance execution.

Highly experienced in Solana and EVM-compatible smart contract development, with a strong background in building decentralized applications (DApps), decentralized exchanges (DEXs), and advanced automated trading infrastructure. Successfully designed and deployed multiple high-performance Solana trading bots, focusing on low-latency execution, real-time market monitoring, and robust risk management.

Recognized for system architecture expertise, performance optimization, and disciplined project execution. Dedicated to building production-grade, scalable systems that deliver consistent, measurable impact.

You can contact me through telegram [@SOLBenjaminCup](https://t.me/SOLBenjaminCup) or [ErikSOL](https://t.me/erikerik116) There, we can discuss on more comfortable contact way with you.

<br/>  



<div align="center">
 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
</div>



<p align="center">
  <a href="mailto:benjamin.bigdev@gmail.com" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><img src="https://img.icons8.com/fluency/2x/gmail-new.png"  width="50" /></a>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://t.me/@SOLBenjaminCup" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><img src="https://img.icons8.com/color/2x/telegram-app.png"  width="50" /></a>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;
  <a href="https://discordapp.com/users/1305610537790476382" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><img src="https://img.icons8.com/3d-fluency/94/discord-logo.png"  width="50" /></a>
  &nbsp;&nbsp;
</p>

<div align="center">
 ----------------------------------------------***********----------------------------------------------
</div>

<h2 align="center"> Thanks for visiting my profile. </h2>
</br>
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://capsule-render.vercel.app/api?type=waving&color=gradient&height=65&section=footer"/>
</p>
